Add documentation for GitHub App API changes within Terraform Cloud (#283)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/api-docs/github-app/installations.mdx

---

[200]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/200

[201]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/201

[202]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/202

[204]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/204

[400]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/400

[401]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/401

[403]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/403

[404]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/404

[409]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/409

[412]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/412

[422]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/422

[429]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/429

[500]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/500

[504]: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Status/504

[JSON API document]: /terraform/cloud-docs/api-docs#json-api-documents

[JSON API error object]: https://jsonapi.org/format/#error-objects

# GitHub App Installations API

> GitHub App installations are created in Terraform Cloud UI by user interation. [Learn more about GitHub App in Terraform Cloud](/terraform/cloud-docs/vcs/github-app)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a GitHub App installations using the Terraform Cloud UI. Learn how to [create a GitHub App installation](/terraform/cloud-docs/vcs/github-app).
```

> -> **Note:** This API is restricted to Terraform Cloud User's who have previously authorized the Terraform Cloud GitHub App. You can manage your [GitHub App token](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/users#github-app-oauth-token) from **User Settings** > **Tokens**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **Note:** You can only use this API if you have already authorized the Terraform Cloud GitHub App. Manage your [GitHub App token](/terraform/cloud-docs/users-teams-organizations/users#github-app-oauth-token) from **User Settings** > **Tokens**.
```

## List Installations

This endpoint lists GitHub App installations available to the current User.

`GET /github-app/installations`

### Query Parameters

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Queries only return GitHub App Installations that the current user has access to within GitHub.

```

| Parameter                               | Description                                                                                                                                             |
|-----------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `filter[name]`                          | **Optional.** If present, returns a list of available GitHub App installations that match the GitHub organization or login.                             |

> | `filter[installation_id]`               | **Optional.** If present, returns a list of available GitHub APp installations that match the installation id within GitHub. (**Not Terraform Cloud**) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `filter[installation_id]`               | **Optional.** If present, returns a list of available GitHub App installations that match the installation id within GitHub. (**Not Terraform Cloud**) |
```

Reviewer: I'm also not exactly sure what `Not Terraform Cloud` means in this context. Maybe this is `Terraform Enterprise only`?

Author: Ohh we want to clarify the distinctions between `installation_id` which is the GitHub specific ID and the ID we have in Terraform Cloud.

> -> **Note:** Only GitHub App Installations the current user has access to within GitHub will return.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
```
